Ha Quan Luu Truong Canh visited his wife
Flat body
Thank you, ma'am.
Not back yet.
It seems
In the words of Master Qin just now
Lots of moisture.
That's bullshit.
I'm not afraid of him.
Idiot.
The school, you dare to beat me?
I am the Duke's son.
It's you who doesn't distinguish right from wrong.
Why did you give birth to an idiot like you?
You dare to insult my father.
Are you crazy?
Even if he seems to be standing here, his duty is not wrong.
It was his son who dared to touch his wife.
Want to die.
Ma'am.
What does this mean?
I'm lazy to talk shit to you.
General Qin will be here soon.
Let's see how he treats you.
I don't understand.
She's a rural woman selling tofu in Lac Phuong village.
Why is it worth protecting?
You.
You want to die.